speaks addicts youtube Nile 21
bringing you another video about
naruto storm 4 and movie
in this video here we come back with the
news of the new naruto game and
which is planned for this year 2015 and
chicken I want to start talking about
release date nor the storm 4 that I
I 've already done a video talking about the possible
release date is not that it would be in
October
in the case because of that shop there in
Spain where I bought when I lived
there right because they have put that
date on their site only now personal
there is a new possible date
Okay, I'll explain that already.
now for you guys look at
microsoft is implied in one last
their post is on the website about
storm 4 that it could be available
and staff for all of us to buy
August 18, 2015 is this from
agreement with the Microsoft
north america she in the united states
and they kind of put staff is the
release date for the 15th goin '
August and then they changed for the day
August 18 does not know the reason yet
OK
and this seems to even unite them with tartá
also has to do with what they
put the same date
already those opinion that the game will be
available for us to buy in
same date, e
I mean, look, it's a big deal.
difference is because I had commented
with you in that other video about
release date because of that
shop in spain that would never be for
October, right now thanks to microsoft
They talking, what could it be now?
Staff I'm 4 planned for the day
August 18, you do not even look well
advanced than it was in October and already
I had talked to you before.
and even is even before you know what was the
revolution revolution launched in
September 2014 and now possibly
huh
Microsoft is right, we'll have the
stock 4 né
already on August 18 , 2015, people
is what in May June July August already
right's already close if true
this is it
not that Microsoft is lying in the
if so, it may be that they are a
guess them right because remembering
know connect and namco bandai not yet
gave an official release date
to game the deal now then
wait a little bit to see if
confirms even this date of
launch for October just as it had
spoken to you or if this
microsoft along with sony may also
be right right
and in case the storm 4 may even be
coming now in August is not known or
It may be that cyber connect and
Namco Bandai has come to tell the public
official release date for the storm
four and we'll wait for more
information and good personal party here
so to another news that came out now
recently it would be about the
items that will come in the edition of
collector of naruto storm 4 and already
I want to tell you what these items are for you
for those who can buy the edition of
collector and the new game of naruto
It will be ok for you guys via dlc in case
david a code to put in the
psn and I was able to download the character, right?
naruto of the last is the serve too
from the last to the renata and the sakura
such last four characters around with the
nor the clothes they wear
in the movie, and this is very cool, I
I would really like to and will have
also a metal box is pru game
very cool, I usually like it a lot
these metal boxes 1 art book
also to show the illustrations right
from the game in the book a lot but I like it
enough of these items also
books very nice and also for
complete the issue get more fucking still
a figure a naruto doll of the
the last is 17 centimeters and also
will have a picture is a doll of the
renatinha of the de lech also of 17 cm
really cool is out says that edition
It's yuan collector's from naruto
storm 4 I do not know if it's going to be in Brazil
I hope you have and we're going to
preparing good money if we
even want to buy that lesson at the time
these additions in Brazil usually have a
price well salgado dinho do what né
Brazil is always Brazil, only
also know who they launch right one
digital edition in the pool for us
buy a limited edition type
there because there will also be an edition
limited to the framework name not only of
running is not only the collector's but
also a limited edition is not believable
which will have a normal edition on psn
people to be able to buy and in the
limited beauty also lets wait for
see if in the case to see if it will be
really well ok then galerinha in
but that's it, I passed the information
here for you who were the last and
most recent news on the area of
storm 4 hope you have tanned
Thank you very much for your attention, if
Did you like the video and could you leave a comment?
link to help with the dissemination and
video evaluation and also channel I
thank you too much and we are in a
next video a big hug from the book
be all very well
paid spoke Czech crowd was